Evaluate a News Article with Natural Language Processing
Project Overview
This project is a web application that allows users to input a URL to a news article. The application evaluates the article's content using Natural Language Processing (NLP) to return insights such as polarity, subjectivity, and confidence. It leverages external APIs to fetch data and provides a clean user interface for interacting with the results.

The app is built with modern JavaScript development practices, including:

Webpack for bundling.
Sass for styling.
Jest for testing.
Service Workers for offline functionality.
Features
API Integration: Fetch article analysis data from an external NLP API.
Polarity Analysis: Displays whether the tone of the article is positive, negative, or neutral.
Confidence Score: Provides the certainty of the analysis.
Responsive Design: Styled with Sass for a responsive and user-friendly interface.
Offline Support: Service workers ensure that the app works offline or in low-connectivity situations.
Testing: Includes unit tests to validate API calls and app behavior.
Installation and Setup
Prerequisites
Node.js installed on your machine.
A terminal or command-line tool.
Steps
Clone the Repository:

bash
Copy code
git clone https://github.com/your-username/evaluate-news-nlp.git
cd evaluate-news-nlp
Install Dependencies: Run the following command in the project directory:

bash
Copy code
npm install
Environment Variables: Create a .env file in the project root and add your API key for the NLP service:

plaintext
Copy code
API_KEY=your_api_key_here
Start the Development Server:

bash
Copy code
npm start
The app will run locally at http://localhost:3000.

Build for Production: Generate the production-ready files in the dist directory:

bash
Copy code
npm run build
Run Tests: Execute the Jest tests:

bash
Copy code
npm test
Folder Structure
bash
Copy code
project-folder/
│
├── dist/                   # Production build files
├── src/                    # Source code
│   ├── js/
│   │   ├── api.js          # Handles API calls
│   │   ├── serviceWorker.js # Service Worker setup
│   │   └── index.js        # Main JS file
│   │
│   ├── styles/
│   │   └── main.scss       # Main Sass file
│   │
│   ├── index.html          # HTML template
│   └── test/
│       └── api.test.js     # Jest test file
│
├── package.json            # Node dependencies
├── webpack.config.js       # Webpack configuration
└── .gitignore              # Exclude node_modules
Technology Stack
Frontend:

HTML
Sass (CSS preprocessor)
Vanilla JavaScript (ES6+)
Backend/Utilities:

External NLP API for data analysis.
Node.js for dependency management.
Webpack for bundling and build optimization.
Testing:

Jest for unit testing JavaScript code.
Offline Functionality:

Service Worker via Workbox for offline support.
How It Works
The user enters the URL of a news article into the form.
The application sends a request to the NLP API with the provided URL.
The API processes the article and returns an analysis of its tone, subjectivity, and confidence level.
The results are displayed dynamically in the app.
Key Files and Code Highlights
src/js/api.js: Contains functions for making API requests and handling responses.

src/styles/main.scss: Manages the app's styles using Sass nesting and variables.

webpack.config.js: Configures Webpack to bundle the app, process Sass, and generate the final build.

src/test/api.test.js: Tests the API integration using mock data.

Running the Application
Development Mode
Use the following command to start the development server:
bash
Copy code
npm start
Open the browser and navigate to http://localhost:3000.
Production Mode
Build the application:
bash
Copy code
npm run build
Serve the dist/ directory on a web server (e.g., with serve or any static hosting).
Future Improvements
Add more detailed NLP analysis features (e.g., emotion detection, keyword extraction).
Improve form validation to handle invalid URLs more gracefully.
Enhance UI/UX with animations and tooltips for better user interaction.
Credits
External API: Make sure to mention the name of the NLP API used (e.g., MeaningCloud, Aylien).
Icons or assets used can also be credited here.
License
This project is licensed under the MIT License.